
## Risk Register

Risk ID| Rank | Name | Description | Category | Root Cause | Triggers | Responses | Risk Owner | Probability | Impact | Status | 
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---------------|----------------|
R10| 1 | Increased Budget | It is hard to maintain the project budget from the beginning to the end. If the prices of the software tools increase there might be an increased budget. Sometime the increase in the budget can be due to the resources.| Financial/People | Improper cost estimations | Increased cost/dissatisfaction in salaries | Risk Acceptance | Financial Manager | Medium | High | Prediction |
R11| 2 | Change of Scope | It is very difficult to maintain the scope from the beginning to the end due to the large number of stakeholder involved. If the product owner is not happy with the scope he might make change requests. | Process Risk | Improper Scope estimations/Improper deliverable | Product owners dissatisfaction | Risk Mitigation | Project Manager | High | High | Prediction |
R12| 3 | Insufficient Time | A small change in schedule might affect the entire process because every step in the project is interlinked with something else. For example, there might be task B which can be done after completing task A. If there is a delay in task A the delay continues in task B| Process Risk | wrong estimation of time | unable to finish the scheduled work on time | Risk Mitigation | Project Manager & Team | High | High | Expected |
R13| 4 | Lack of Management Support | If there is no proper commitment or interest from top management, the team might show little interest on the project | Structure Risk | commitment from top management | lack of knowledge in technical aspects of the project | Risk Avoidance | Project Manager & Team | low | Medium | Avoided|
R14| 5 | Team member resignations | If a team member leaves the job, it would be difficult to cope up with project. Even after appointing a new member knowledge transfer might take time. This impacts the schedule of the project | People Risk | lack of enthusiasm | dissatisfied team member | Risk Mitigation | Project Manager | Medium | low | Expected | 
R15| 6 | Natural Disasters | It is difficult to handle the weather. So, there is no planning that can mitigate the natural disasters. | Financial Risk | Not having a disaster recovery methods | Not being prepared | Risk Acceptance | Organization | low | Medium | Anticipated |
R16| 7 | Similar Applications | There might be similar application available in the market. It is important to make the product as simple and interesting as possible to attract the users | Market Risk | Existing similar applications | Applications | Risk Acceptance | Program manager | High | Medium | Mitigated| 

